[docs] Fix links, improve docs and description in CRDs. Add images. (#21)
deckhouse/sds-drbd: docs/FAQ.md

```shell
dmesg | grep 'Remote failed to finish a request within'
```

If the command output is not empty (the `dmesg` output contains lines like *"Remote failed to finish a request within ... "*), most likely your disk subsystem is too slow for DRBD to run properly.

## I have deleted the DRBDStoragePool resource, yet its associated Storage Pool in the LINSTOR backend is still there. Is it supposed to be like this?

Yes, this is the expected behavior. Currently, the `sds-drbd` module does not process operations when deleting the `DRBDStoragePool` resource.

## I am unable to update the fields in the DRBDStorageClass resource spec. Is this the expected behavior?  

Yes, this is the expected behavior. Only the `isDefault` field is editable in the `spec`. All the other fields in the resource `spec` are made immutable.

## When you delete a DRBDStorageClass resource, its child StorageClass in Kubernetes is not deleted. What can I do in this case?

The child StorageClass is only deleted if the status of the DRBDStorageClass resource is `Created`. Otherwise, you will need to either restore the DRBDStorageClass resource to a working state or delete the StorageClass yourself.

> ## I noticed that when creating a Storage Pool / Storage Class in the corresponding resource, an error was displayed, but then everything was fine, and the desired entity was created. Is this the expected behavior?
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## I noticed that an error occurred when trying to create a Storage Pool / Storage Class, but in the end the necessary entity was successfully created. Is this behavior acceptable?```

> Yes, this is the expected behavior. The module will automatically retry the unsuccessful operation if the error was caused by circumstances beyond the module's control (for example, a momentary disruption in the Kubernetes API).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the expected behavior. The module will automatically retry the unsuccessful operation if the error was caused by circumstances beyond the module's control (for example, a momentary disruption in the Kubernetes API).

```
